[Docs] Link to elasticsearch-labs from README (#98969)
elastic/elasticsearch: README.asciidoc

For information about our documentation processes, see the
xref:docs/README.asciidoc[docs README].

[[examples]]
== Examples and guides

> The https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch-labs[`elasticsearch-labs`] repo contains executable Python notebooks, sample apps, and resources for testing out Elasticsearch.

Author: ```suggestion
The https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch-labs[`elasticsearch-labs`] repo contains executable Python notebooks, sample apps, and resources to test out Elasticsearch for vector search and generative AI use cases.
```

> The https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch-labs[`elasticsearch-labs`] repo contains executable Python notebooks, sample apps, and resources to test out Elasticsearch for vector search and generative AI use cases.

Author: ```suggestion
The https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch-labs[`elasticsearch-labs`] repo contains executable Python notebooks, sample apps, and resources to test out Elasticsearch for vector search, hybrid search and generative AI use cases.
```
